#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.0.5
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.3.1
    # via django
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via django-template-engines
billiard==3.6.3.0
    # via celery
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via django-url-filter
cairocffi==1.2.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cairosvg==2.5.1
    # via weasyprint
celery==5.0.5
    # via django-geostore
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   fiona
click-repl==0.1.6
    # via celery
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   mercantile
cligj==0.7.1
    # via fiona
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==3.4.6
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests
cssselect2==0.4.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
deepmerge==0.1.1
    # via django-geostore
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via cairosvg
django-admin-ordering==0.13.1
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-admin-thumbnails==0.2.5
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-debug-toolbar==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via django-geostore
django-geostore==0.5.7
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-admin-ordering
django-json-widget==1.1.1
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-mapbox-baselayer==0.0.8
    # via
    #   django-terra-geocrud
    #   django-terra-settings
django-nested-admin==3.3.3
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-object-actions==3.0.1
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-reversion==3.0.9
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-template-engines==1.3.8
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-template-model==1.0.6
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-terra-accounts==1.0.3.1
    # via django-terra-geocrud
django-terra-geocrud==1.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-terra-settings==1.0.2
    # via django-terra-accounts
django-token-tools==0.1.2
    # via django-geostore
django-url-filter==0.3.15
    # via django-terra-accounts
django==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-thumbnails
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-mapbox-baselayer
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-template-engines
    #   django-template-model
    #   django-terra-accounts
    #   django-terra-geocrud
    #   django-terra-settings
    #   django-token-tools
    #   django-url-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-gis==0.17
    # via
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-terra-geocrud
djangorestframework-jwt==1.11.0
    # via django-terra-accounts
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-terra-accounts
    #   django-terra-geocrud
    #   django-terra-settings
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-yasg
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
enum-compat==0.0.3
    # via django-url-filter
fiona==1.8.18
    # via django-geostore
future==0.18.2
    # via django-json-widget
gevent==21.1.2
    # via gunicorn
gpxpy==1.4.2
    # via django-geostore
greenlet==1.0.0
    # via gevent
gunicorn[gevent]==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via weasyprint
idna==2.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via coreschema
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via django-geostore
kombu==5.0.2
    # via celery
lxml==4.6.3
    # via django-template-engines
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mercantile==1.1.6
    # via django-geostore
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
packaging==20.9
    # via drf-yasg
pillow==8.1.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-template-engines
    #   django-terra-geocrud
    #   weasyprint
prompt-toolkit==3.0.16
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-terra-accounts
    #   django-terra-settings
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via djangorestframework-jwt
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via requests
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyphen==0.10.0
    # via weasyprint
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-magic==0.4.22
    # via django-terra-settings
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements.in
python-monkey-business==1.0.0
    # via django-nested-admin
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
requests[security]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-template-engines
    #   django-terra-geocrud
ruamel.yaml==0.16.12
    # via drf-yasg
simplekml==1.3.5
    # via django-geostore
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   django-admin-thumbnails
    #   django-nested-admin
    #   django-url-filter
    #   fiona
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonschema
    #   munch
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-memcached
    #   python-monkey-business
sorl-thumbnail==12.7.0
    # via django-terra-geocrud
soupsieve==2.2
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.3
    # via requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==52.2
    # via django-template-engines
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
zope.event==4.5.0
    # via gevent
zope.interface==5.2.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
